# Research ingestion

## Features/requests
Feature requests (explicit and implicit) should be captured in the [feature capture document](https://v.gd/YDdOGc)

An example of something I would pull into the feature capture doc, to help you spot them yourself: _”The process of following up references is slow. We're sometimes waiting a month or two for references to respond — need easy way to chase them up.”_ was pulled into [this entry](https://v.gd/6rF5vK) of the feature capture document.

## Scenarios / use-cases
These are captured into [this document](https://v.gd/HpbUSz) and are ‘things that people will do in the system’. Quite often, you’ll find that something that goes into the feature capture document can also be built into a scenario and visa versa. Scenarios are a particularly good way to capture rich context around a core process. Some things are very much a linear process — these can just reside in Tom’s Omnigraffle flow charts — but some things have richer information or edge cases which we can’t fit in a flow chart (doing so would obscure the actual process). In those cases, write out a scenario that describes the process in a narrative form and includes extra details. 

Scenarios do involve some thinking about design, though at a very high level. We’re thinking about what an ideal case would be and noting _what_ system should support a human doing without being prescriptive about exactly _how_ it will do it. For example, instead of saying _“The operator clicks on the ‘Add family member’ button, fills out the applicant’s spouse’s details and clicks ‘submit’ which creates a separate person record and attaches them to the applicant by way of a family joining object”_ we might just say _“The operator adds family members and their records are related as a family unit”_. Doing so gives highlights that the system should help the operator enter families’ information efficiently, and highlights that an operator would want to add family members from a person’s record, whilst allowing us space to design _how_ that should happen later on. See [this sentence](https://v.gd/UmMhcR) as another example.

[This scenario of preparing for an ABO](https://v.gd/7xGXuA) is a good example. Preparing for an ABO does have a somewhat linear process, but it’s one of those human-led processes in which one person needs many different bits of information and makes lots of decisions — in such a scenario, a narrative outline of the work is useful as it gives us context such as what information is involved, where they get it from, the various outcomes, etc. When it comes to designing the system, we will be able to sit down with this scenario and ‘test’ our design against it to determine whether our proposed system will be able to provide the person with the information they need (and we can actually think through how they’d do their job with our design).

Example: [These notes from our call with the ZA office](https://v.gd/fIPQee) noted _“Too many moving parts. When I load a family I have to load each person separately instead of having the whole family together." Families make it hard to use CHARIS. Currently takes 30 minutes for Natasha to type in everyone's information. Each family member has to be added to a req.”_ One could pull this in as a feature request, but the [feature capture doc](https://v.gd/YDdOGc) is more appropriate for small, stand-alone items that we need to follow up on. Something like this — entering a family’s details — is such a core part of the system that a scenario is appropriate. Scenarios should not be too small, mind, so I brought this information into [this scenario](). As we continue to ingest the research we can flesh-out that scenario — it’s OK for it to be a stub for now.
